What? Me?
Your fiancee
This time down the mountain
I just want
Meet your three major families one by one next week
Since you are Xiao
The family has openly held a martial arts competition to recruit relatives
That means going back to the palace
Why is Miss Xiao questioning my identity?
Mom, don't get me wrong
I didn't mean it.
It's just that this martial arts recruitment is my father's decision
I am the daughter of three major families
You have the right to refuse entry
Since it is a competition to recruit relatives
Then I just need to influence the competition
No, this competition recruits experts like clouds
Isn't it too much for you to drive on your behalf?
What's more
I won't show mercy to you in the ring either
Since it's what I think
That won't move
Miss Xiao, I will decide the martial arts recruitment of your Xiao family.
It seems that I am hard to convince
This is Liu Jinhan, who recruited relatives in this competition.
If someone makes things difficult for you
You show this trip
Miss Xiao
Then we'll fight
Do it yourself
You have the grace to destroy me
But I can only help you so far.